capital = 305

oob = "ECU_1936"

set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine
set_country_flag = hispanic

set_convoys = 10
set_war_support = 0.24
set_stability = 0.36

# Starting tech
set_technology = {

	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1	
	
	infantry_weapons = 1
	basic_train = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_naval_oob = "ECU_1936_naval_mtg"
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "ECU_1936_naval_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_destroyer = 1
			transport = 1
		}
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	ECU_chocolate_exports
}

recruit_character = ECU_federico_páez
recruit_character = ECU_aurelio_mosquera
recruit_character = ECU_ricardo_paredes_moreno
recruit_character = ECU_jorge_luna_yepes
recruit_character = ECU_josé_la_mar
recruit_character = ECU_alberto_gallo
recruit_character = ECU_cosme_renella_barbatto
recruit_character = ECU_benigno_andrade_flores
recruit_character = ECU_uriarte_fanquil_del_ponte
recruit_character = ECU_julio_salem_gallegos
recruit_character = ECU_jorge_escobedo_duarte
recruit_character = ECU_carlos_hidalgo_garcia
recruit_character = ECU_luis_cabrera_sevilla
recruit_character = ECU_ramon_baquerizo_davila
recruit_character = ECU_federico_paez_chiriboaga
recruit_character = ECU_gustavo_becerra_paz
recruit_character = ECU_juan_bayardo_tobar
recruit_character = ECU_ramon_moran_valverde
recruit_character = ECU_ramon_castro_jijon
recruit_character = ECU_juan_pablo_martinez_iguarte
recruit_character = ECU_hugo_endara_penaherrera
recruit_character = ECU_juan_ramon_castro
recruit_character = ECU_gilberto_enriquez_gallo
recruit_character = ECU_davide_flores
recruit_character = ECU_carlos_arosemena_tola
recruit_character = ECU_carlos_arroyo_del_rio

recruit_character = ECU_octavio_ochoa
recruit_character = ECU_luis_rodrigues
recruit_character = ECU_rafael_moran_valverde
recruit_character = ECU_cesar_edmundo_gonzalez

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1933.10.10"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 26
	neutrality = 44
	fascism = 18
	communism = 12
}

# CHECK to add  Luis Larrea Alba maybe as a general, also active in politics so may not be fitting.
#Alberto Enríquez Gallo general minister of defense but also the guy who overthrew Federico Paez but they were both socialists, what a mess.

### VARIANTS ###

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Abdón Calderón Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ECU_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}
