capital = 611

oob = "MEN_1936"	

recruit_character = MEN_prince_demchugdongrub
recruit_character = MEN_jodbajab
recruit_character = MEN_nima_odsor
recruit_character = MEN_serengdongrub
recruit_character = MEN_ulanhu
recruit_character = MEN_li_shouxin
recruit_character = MEN_wang_ying
recruit_character = MEN_ryukichi_tanaka
recruit_character = MEN_altanochir
recruit_character = MEN_hesehn_tiemei
recruit_character = MEN_guan_xingde
recruit_character = MEN_kyoiji_tomonaga
recruit_character = MEN_deng_linge
recruit_character = MEN_hung_zhehuang
recruit_character = MEN_nakajima_kesago
recruit_character = MEN_yonimitsu_kasahara
recruit_character = MEN_nalan_kang_an
recruit_character = MEN_songgotu_zhanshan
recruit_character = MEN_megata_toshiro

activate_advisor = MEN_nima_odsor
activate_advisor = MEN_jodbajab
activate_advisor = MEN_serengdongrub

set_war_support = 0.1
set_stability = 0.5
set_research_slots = 2

add_ideas = {
	limited_exports
	MEN_mongol_raids
	MEN_kwantungs_invisible_hand
}

add_timed_idea = {
	idea = MEN_the_long_winter
	days = 91
}

add_ideas = MEN_disorganized_military

set_technology = {

	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank_chassis = 1
		}
	}
}

set_country_flag = started_out_as_landlocked

set_cosmetic_tag = MEN_CHI_AUT

give_military_access = JAP

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	fascism = 20
	neutrality = 64
	democratic = 12
	communism = 4
}
