capital = 300

oob = "URG_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "URG_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "URG_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine
set_country_flag = hispanic

set_war_support = 0.25
set_stability = 0.30
set_convoys = 10

add_ideas = {
	URG_aftermath_of_paso_morlan
	URG_legacy_of_batlle
}

#1938 elections
country_event = {
	id = uruguay.1
	days = 816
}

recruit_character = URG_gabriel_terra
recruit_character = URG_eugenio_gomez
recruit_character = URG_adolfo_agorio
recruit_character = URG_juan_jose_de_amezaga
recruit_character = URG_alfredo_baldomir_ferrari
recruit_character = URG_emilio_frugoni
recruit_character = URG_luis_alberto_de_herrera
recruit_character = URG_consejo_nacional_de_administracion
recruit_character = URG_paulina_luisi

recruit_character = URG_julio_roletti
recruit_character = URG_cesareo_l_berisso
recruit_character = URG_alberto_mane
recruit_character = URG_jose_maria_gomeza
recruit_character = URG_alfredo_campos
recruit_character = URG_tydeo_borges
recruit_character = URG_oscar_diego_gestido
recruit_character = URG_pedro_sicco
recruit_character = URG_alfredo_r_campos
recruit_character = URG_arturo_b_rios

recruit_character = URG_luis_tuya
recruit_character = URG_arturo_juambeltz
recruit_character = URG_domingo_mendivil
recruit_character = URG_andres_puyol
recruit_character = URG_adhemar_saenz_lacueva
recruit_character = URG_esteban_cristi
recruit_character = URG_federico_garcia

recruit_character = URG_juan_battione

recruit_character = URG_liber_seregni
recruit_character = URG_cesar_batlle_pacheco
recruit_character = URG_cesar_charlone
recruit_character = URG_carlos_vaz_ferreira
recruit_character = URG_jose_enrique_rodo
recruit_character = URG_domingo_bordaberry
recruit_character = URG_luis_giannattasio
recruit_character = URG_martin_echegoyen
recruit_character = URG_jose_serrato
recruit_character = URG_alberto_guani
recruit_character = URG_juana_de_ibarbourou
recruit_character = URG_jose_lazarraga
recruit_character = URG_julius_dalldorf


recruit_character = URG_julia_arevalo
recruit_character = URG_pedro_manini_rios
recruit_character = URG_alfeo_brum


# Starting tech
set_technology = {

	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_naval_oob = "URG_1936_naval_mtg"
	set_technology = {
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "URG_1936_naval_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_light_cruiser = 1
			early_destroyer = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
		}
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1934.3.27"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 52
	democratic = 38
	communism = 6
	fascism = 4
}

### VARIANTS ###

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Uruguay Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = URG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		}
	}
}
